eric claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
anthony taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
steve convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
became roommates with debra for a summer in NYC. best friends for life
cristian introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
Ran a marathon together, didn't train, didn’t finish, still counts
convinced by fred that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
met at a wedding where sherry was the only other person who didn't know anyone
convinced by anthony that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
convinced by mark that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
convinced by gina that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
lauren treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
tracy brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
jamie accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
fred once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
carla once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
tricia accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
michael collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
tricia convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
mark collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
noah accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
cassandra treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
anthony taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
gabrielle once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
derek convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
matthew once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
met at a wedding where margaret was the only other person who didn't know anyone
angela? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
shane treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
has a PhD in making people feel comfortable in uncomfortable situations
recommended a book that changed my life. didn’t finish it themselves
i once saw them take a Zoom call from a canoe
sherri once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
derek once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
crystal treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
daniel once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
brian once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
convinced by justin that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
wasn’t invited to my wedding but gave the toast anyway. everyone loved it
angie taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
jeffrey collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
paula? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
texted me ‘u up?’ to ask about tax forms
tommy? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
zachary taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
jordan convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
jessica brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
megan convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
eric taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
claims to have zero regrets, yet constantly reminisces
fred accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
says they’re fluent in javascript but mostly fluent in body language
carla claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
jessica treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
dylan once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
jessica treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
he once helped me move apartments on a Tuesday morning before his job interview. he got the job. i got a friend
donald recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
margaret collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
met at a wedding where gabrielle was the only other person who didn't know anyone
ethan treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
victoria once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
john accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
dylan once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
brian accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
sherri once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
we share one brain cell and they usually have custody
amy treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
jordan convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
ethan once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
ethan taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
gerald treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
michele treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
michael brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
cassandra brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
amber taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
angie once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
william once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
richard introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
joshua introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
allison accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
shannon introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
has the emotional range of a Pixar movie
derek convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
jordan accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
became roommates with connie for a summer in NYC. best friends for life
jeffrey accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
timothy brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
taught how to adult by ryan. still learning but at least I have a teacher
fred convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
justin once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
connor taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
cassandra treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
patty once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
CS TA. Also makes killer waffles
angelica collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
justin treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
donald brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
tommy once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
holly treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
gerald brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
has photographic memory. forgets keys weekly
taught how to adult by megan. still learning but at least I have a teacher
rebecca treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
whitney brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
holly introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
steve taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
william treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
angie claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
anthony convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
gerald accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
became roommates with holly for a summer in NYC. best friends for life
jordan? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
james claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
met at a wedding where patty was the only other person who didn't know anyone
taught how to adult by dylan. still learning but at least I have a teacher
claims to be an introvert but knows everyone at every party
crystal treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
stephanie introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
dylan recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
angela convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
patty once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
justin recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
john taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
megan? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
has the rare gift of making waiting in line feel like an adventure
daniel recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
met at a wedding where shane was the only other person who didn't know anyone
brent convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
has an allergy to peanuts and drama
met at a wedding where brian was the only other person who didn't know anyone
cristian taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
james treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
brent brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
ran a spreadsheet on my dating life. accurate to a fault
richard accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
connie taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
patty taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
therapist mentions them without knowing their name
paula taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
fred treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
monica collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
tracy brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
accidentally started a rumor, somehow became true
megan treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
became roommates with connor for a summer in NYC. best friends for life
judy brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
cassandra once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
saved me from drowning (metaphorically). also almost drowned me once (literally). complicated friendship
has strong opinions about the proper way to eat Kit-Kats. we disagree violently
judy taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
jamie brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
paula brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
convinced by jeffrey that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
once spent 2 hours helping me choose between two identical black shirts
angela taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
convinced by angela that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
paula claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
tommy brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
connie introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
angela introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
fred once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
ryan once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
brian recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
shane convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
sarah once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
once sang entire Hamilton soundtrack at karaoke. flawlesslyused to walk me home every day freshman year. never talked about it
LinkedIn humblebrag personified, but it's true
ryan once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
victoria once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
donald brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
cristian treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
donald convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
serotonin in human form
connor brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
allison brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
noah claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
daniel? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
sherry introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
james taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
taught how to adult by connie. still learning but at least I have a teacher
donald once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
joshua brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
sherri treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
william once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
abigail recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
we've only met three times but I’d trust them with my bank PIN
amy once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
angelica brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
ethan introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
convinced by megan that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
philip convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
lauren claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
william claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
jessica convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
cassandra introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
carla treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
we once pretended to be co-CEOs at a networking event. ended up launching a newsletter togethersends memes at 3am but they're exactly what I need to see
richard claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
whitney once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
gerald taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
tracy taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
paula once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
carol brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
knows my coffee order better than I do
connor once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
taught how to adult by nathan. still learning but at least I have a teacher
convinced by amy that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
joshua once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
judy once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
justin claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
fred once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
angelica? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
jordan introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
brent? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
kelly treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
anthony introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
eric collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
gerald claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
jamie collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
rebecca claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
timothy once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
richard? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
carla? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
michele claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
crystal brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
john recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
made a startup together. lost a startup together. repeat?
amber introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
timothy claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
tracy accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
john once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
sherri once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
daniel treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
jamie taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
brent treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
monica taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
holly accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
became roommates with cassandra for a summer in NYC. best friends for life
convinced by connor that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
convinced by ryan that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
brian once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
margaret accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
elizabeth convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
kelly taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
amber brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
matthew recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
became roommates with sherry for a summer in NYC. best friends for life
makes the best toast (both bread and speeches)
allison recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
tricia introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
brian treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
sherri? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
met at a wedding where tracy was the only other person who didn't know anyone
connie? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
victoria brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
james once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
derek treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
crystal once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
lisa introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
monica convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
lisa taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
became roommates with justin for a summer in NYC. best friends for life
crystal accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
fred claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
angelica once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
shane treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
debra treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
sunday night brainstorm buddy + unofficial life strategist
elizabeth taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
shannon taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
anthony brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
convinced by gerald that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
kelly once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
gina taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
convinced by danny that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
crystal claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
became roommates with noah for a summer in NYC. best friends for life
william once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
shannon brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
zachary once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
holly convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
angela treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
connie taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
donald taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
roommate, gym accountability partner, impromptu life coach
philip once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
met at a wedding where whitney was the only other person who didn't know anyone
jeffrey claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
margaret once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
met at a wedding where philip was the only other person who didn't know anyone
convinced me to join a running club. never showed up themselves
monica once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
lisa brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
became roommates with tracy for a summer in NYC. best friends for life
gerald convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
eric treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
our friendship started as a bet. no one remembers the terms
met at a wedding where william was the only other person who didn't know anyone
angela once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
cristian brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
sherry brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
philip claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
daniel accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
whitney claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
victoria treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
met at a wedding where debra was the only other person who didn't know anyone
jordan brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
amy recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
became roommates with michael for a summer in NYC. best friends for life
eric once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
still uses a flip phone. somehow always reachable
became roommates with margaret for a summer in NYC. best friends for life
noah once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
michael? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
became roommates with tricia for a summer in NYC. best friends for life
amy treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
angela taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
taught how to adult by stephanie. still learning but at least I have a teacher
sarah brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
jordan once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
angela convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
steve taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
sarah once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
tommy taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
kelly convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
james once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
convinced by lauren that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
zachary once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
convinced by jordan that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
met at a wedding where paula was the only other person who didn't know anyone
paula collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
we built an app in 48 hours. it broke, but the friendship didn’t
shannon accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
ryan brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
mark recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
zachary taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
dylan? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
roommates for 2 years. spoke exactly 5 times. love him dearly
sherri convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
stephanie claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
abigail brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
debra collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
william once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
i once saw them spend 30 minutes helping a stranger pick a birthday card. it told me everything i needed to know
jamie convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
became roommates with brittany for a summer in NYC. best friends for life
jordan treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
brittany convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
connie recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
gabrielle collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
tommy convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
became roommates with monica for a summer in NYC. best friends for life
amber once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
holly once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
michele brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
cristian claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
we exchanged exactly one meme a day for 642 days
lisa convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
once pretended we were famous to get into a club. it worked
brittney taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
we've been in the same group chat for 4 years. never met in person
gina once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
john once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
mark once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
dylan accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
we've never hung out sober but I trust them with my deepest secrets
megan recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
tricia treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
elizabeth introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
james brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
holly recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
met at a wedding where victoria was the only other person who didn't know anyone
richard treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
tracy convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
convinced by tommy that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
taught how to adult by michael. still learning but at least I have a teacher
met in line for tacos at a hackathon.
william taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
we've been splitting streaming service subscriptions for 3 years. it's basically marriage
gerald once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
paula introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
fred once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
joshua brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
brittney once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
once pretended to be my boyfriend at a family reunion. my mom still asks about them
daniel collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
angelica once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
abigail treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
victoria accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
mark brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
eric recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
shane brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
jeffrey treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
became roommates with carol for a summer in NYC. best friends for life
judy treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
lauren accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
carol once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
stephanie? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
taught how to adult by anthony. still learning but at least I have a teacher
danny once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
met at a wedding where zachary was the only other person who didn't know anyone
sherry treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
holly brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
elizabeth recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
carol introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
amber? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
convinced by crystal that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
can’t cook. makes the best dinner parties
daniel taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
dylan convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
sarah once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
cristian accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
derek brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
matthew claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
ryan brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
sends Christmas cards in July because 'the spirit shouldn't be seasonal'
timothy? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
coworked for three months. shared one whiteboard. made four prototypes. left with about twelve inside jokes
amy convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
debra introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
shannon once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
jordan recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
john convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
danny accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
patty once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
met at a wedding where dylan was the only other person who didn't know anyone
has strong opinions about cereal milk temperature
ethan once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
gina? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
victoria recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
abigail convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
lauren once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
paula once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
mark treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
crystal convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
ethan once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
angelica convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
met at a wedding where monica was the only other person who didn't know anyone
carol convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
connor convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
brent brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
convinced by john that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
donald treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
became roommates with cristian for a summer in NYC. best friends for life
john collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
has a folder of my embarrassing selfies. uses them as leverage
eric accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
taught how to adult by crystal. still learning but at least I have a teacher
carol treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
met at a wedding where anthony was the only other person who didn't know anyone
sarah once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
eric treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
angelica accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
noah once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
nathan collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
patty claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
paula convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
nathan once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
matthew convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
william convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
survived a 12-hour layover together. bonded over airport sushi and existential dread
mark once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
steve collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
lauren taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
shane convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
angelica once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
sherry taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
met at a wedding where judy was the only other person who didn't know anyone
ryan claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
whitney once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
whitney convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
cassandra once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
derek treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
brian? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
met at a wedding where jeffrey was the only other person who didn't know anyone
gerald treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
michael claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
taught how to adult by sherry. still learning but at least I have a teacher
derek collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
taught how to adult by noah. still learning but at least I have a teacher
connor recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
jamie introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
cassandra convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
convinced by jessica that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
brian convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
judy recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
danny convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
mark once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
debra accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
john introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
richard taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
carol? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
jeffrey once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
abigail once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
lisa? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
tommy claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
william taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
connor once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
cristian once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
imagine if your therapist, barista, and favorite podcast host were the same person
met once at a café, talked for hours. we’ve been talking ever since
we matched on a dating app by accident. became best friends instead
danny collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
connie brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
brittany treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
taught how to adult by joshua. still learning but at least I have a teacher
convinced by kelly that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
megan brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
taught how to adult by gabrielle. still learning but at least I have a teacher
knows the entire menu at every restaurant but always orders the same thing
matthew? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
lauren brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
jamie claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
allison once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
tracy treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
james recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
gina collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
victoria introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
became roommates with donald for a summer in NYC. best friends for life
carla treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
fred brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
shannon claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
amber brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
steve once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
amber recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
taught how to adult by eric. still learning but at least I have a teacher
sends me links to articles I'll never read but always makes me feel smarter
kelly once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
once helped me practice a presentation by pretending to be my most intimidating audience
james introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
jeffrey brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
brent collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
convinced by michele that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
cassandra claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
cristian once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
sat next to me in a 200-person lecture and still made it feel like a 1-on-1
convinced by jamie that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
james accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
convinced by brittney that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
sarah collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
once got me kicked out of a museum. worth it
convinced by noah that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
crystal? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
danny treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
timothy convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
matthew collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
taught how to adult by danny. still learning but at least I have a teacher
angela brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
lisa once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
💯
cassandra convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
taught how to adult by whitney. still learning but at least I have a teacher
met at a wedding where sherri was the only other person who didn't know anyone
tommy taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
we met in a Zoom breakout room. somehow became actual friends
connie once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
taught how to adult by fred. still learning but at least I have a teacher
jamie once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
daniel once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
dylan once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
kelly accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
connie claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
ryan once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
carla brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
paula brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
taught how to adult by ethan. still learning but at least I have a teacher
patty once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
convinced by amber that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
abigail? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
carla taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
whitney taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
met at a wedding where brittany was the only other person who didn't know anyone
william introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
judy? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
obsessed with astrology but won't admit it
tommy once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
taught how to adult by brent. still learning but at least I have a teacher
taught how to adult by matthew. still learning but at least I have a teacher
zachary treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
whitney treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
patty taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
carla once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
megan once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
timothy accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
convinced by nathan that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
connor accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
john? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
gina once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
taught how to adult by tracy. still learning but at least I have a teacher
ryan treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
taught how to adult by john. still learning but at least I have a teacher
convinced by whitney that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
timothy treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
brittany once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
dylan taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
shane introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
justin brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
jessica once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
crystal brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
william recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
angela collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
became roommates with mark for a summer in NYC. best friends for life
jessica collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
taught how to adult by zachary. still learning but at least I have a teacher
taught how to adult by michele. still learning but at least I have a teacher
kelly introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
amber once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
convinced by brent that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
margaret introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
james once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
ryan convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
once took a train 4 hours to watch me give a 10-minute talk
shannon recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
lisa once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
joshua convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
patty recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
ethan convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
justin convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
became roommates with jessica for a summer in NYC. best friends for life
middle school carpool, math team, cofounder, officiant at my wedding. there's no version of my life without her in it
sang Beyoncé at full volume in a karaoke bar with zero irony and perfect pitch. i knew then we'd be friends for life
noah recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
victoria convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
writes emails like poetry. also has a laugh that makes you want to laugh too
brian once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
mark treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
taught how to adult by steve. still learning but at least I have a teacher
abigail collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
anthony brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
met at a wedding where holly was the only other person who didn't know anyone
john once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
margaret brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
michael convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
shane claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
michele taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
nathan introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
taught how to adult by margaret. still learning but at least I have a teacher
judy convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
allison once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
sarah brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
brittney claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
texts me restaurant reviews at midnight like they're breaking news
anthony once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
gabrielle claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
margaret treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
convinced by victoria that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
margaret convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
joshua once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
rebecca once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
brian treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
stephanie once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
met at a wedding where derek was the only other person who didn't know anyone
elizabeth accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
convinced by cristian that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
we shared a therapist. not at the same time
steve treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
eric brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
stephanie convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
became roommates with brittney for a summer in NYC. best friends for life
holly taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
became roommates with amy for a summer in NYC. best friends for life
taught how to adult by derek. still learning but at least I have a teacher
became roommates with anthony for a summer in NYC. best friends for life
we've been each other's plus-one to everything for 4 years. professional fake dates
holly once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
william collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
ran into each other twice in different countries, never planned. universe ships it
connor claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
michele accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
he’s either a good listener or really good at pretending. works either way
debra once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
taught how to adult by lisa. still learning but at least I have a teacher
james collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
abigail once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
philip introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
anthony treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
philip once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
ethan collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
gives advice that sounds terrible. somehow always right
has a spreadsheet for every aspect of their life. somehow still spontaneous
danny brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
donald? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
taught how to adult by kelly. still learning but at least I have a teacher
angelica claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
zachary once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
became roommates with allison for a summer in NYC. best friends for life
angela once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
met at a wedding where abigail was the only other person who didn't know anyone
once convinced me to try hot yoga. I nearly died. it was awesome
monica treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
brian brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
literally stole my shoes. wears them better. rude
amy? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
monica introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
can parallel park perfectly but refuses to drive
jamie convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
knows exactly what to say when I'm overthinking everything
nathan brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
sherri brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
sherry taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
derek taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
brian introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
ryan convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
convinced by carla that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
amber accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
connie treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
cassandra taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
jeffrey once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
justin collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
convinced by philip that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
gina taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
we exchange one meme per day. nothing else. sacred ritual
lauren? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
angelica treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
victoria treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
jamie once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
kelly collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
steve once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
anthony accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
allison convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
sherri brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
anthony once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
steve claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
ryan taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
we once pulled an all-nighter designing a board game about moral philosophy for a class.
victoria once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
convinced by matthew that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
allison treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
noah once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
justin once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
cristian once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
michele introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
allison taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
met at a wedding where elizabeth was the only other person who didn't know anyone
connor once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
makes every goodbye weirdly cinematic
whitney taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
mark accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
gabrielle once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
victoria taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
became roommates with derek for a summer in NYC. best friends for life
taught how to adult by paula. still learning but at least I have a teacher
became roommates with michele for a summer in NYC. best friends for life
sherry claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
jordan treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
jamie treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
gina claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
abigail accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
cristian taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
abigail taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
we share a very specific sense of humor that no one else understands
we once got into a screaming match about hummus. still unclear why
tricia? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
kelly brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
timothy taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
rebecca once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
angela treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
shannon treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
taught how to adult by angela. still learning but at least I have a teacher
tommy introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
never remembers my birthday. remembers my coffee order
joshua collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
michael treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
taught how to adult by allison. still learning but at least I have a teacher
joshua taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
angie recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
taught how to adult by debra. still learning but at least I have a teacher
became roommates with brian for a summer in NYC. best friends for life
zachary brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
carol brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
taught how to adult by elizabeth. still learning but at least I have a teacher
steve brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
james convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
richard once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
once helped me practice small talk for 3 hours before a networking event
noah taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
sherry brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
sarah treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
lauren convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
has never been to therapy but gives advice like a licensed professional
gabrielle taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
remembers the lyrics to every Disney song but claims to hate musicals
kelly once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
became roommates with angie for a summer in NYC. best friends for life
brittney introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
victoria taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
lisa convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
sarah recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
amy claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
patty? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
shane recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
startup coworker → cofounder → family
justin convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
dylan claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
became roommates with lauren for a summer in NYC. best friends for life
shannon once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
zachary introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
amy brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
met at a wedding where stephanie was the only other person who didn't know anyone
sherri recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
claims they hate group chats, most active participant
angelica recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
we once spent an entire night ranking every Ben & Jerry’s flavor. agree on none of them
connor treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
shows up to every birthday. even ones they weren’t invited to
taught how to adult by james. still learning but at least I have a teacher
gabrielle treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
angelica treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
speaks fluent sarcasm but exclusively texts in earnest motivational quotes
met at a wedding where shannon was the only other person who didn't know anyone
shane collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
zachary recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
whitney brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
became roommates with gina for a summer in NYC. best friends for life
brent convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
taught how to adult by timothy. still learning but at least I have a teacher
tommy accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
allison taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
richard convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
matthew brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
literally wrote my cover letter. accidentally got me the job
jeffrey convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
tricia claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
connie collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
daniel treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
angelica brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
carla recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
nathan taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
met at a wedding where tricia was the only other person who didn't know anyone
once brought me soup while I was sick. it was 95 degrees out
john brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
amber claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
claims to have a bad memory but remembers every embarrassing story I've ever told
jordan taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
taught how to adult by angelica. still learning but at least I have a teacher
brent once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
nathan taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
jessica? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
matthew introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
john claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
carla once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
brittney once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
lisa claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
once helped me return something to a store without a receipt. master negotiator
megan taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
brent claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
nathan convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
jordan once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
angelica introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
was once described as ‘weirdly grounding’ by my mom
shane once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
debra convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
amy once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
elizabeth treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
ethan claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
angie treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
sherri treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
used to do my math homework. now does my taxes
stephanie treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
met at a hackathon, both lost. bonded over defeat
jessica once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
justin accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
gabrielle treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
megan introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
steve recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
ryan recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
connie treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
megan claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
elizabeth treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
zachary? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
brittany once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
michael once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
can make anyone feel like they belong. even in the weirdest places
taught how to adult by justin. still learning but at least I have a teacher
once gave a toast about me at someone else’s wedding
mark convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
taught how to adult by shane. still learning but at least I have a teacher
stephanie recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
has a secret talent for making anyone feel like the main character
michael accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
derek once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
carla introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
connie once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
danny once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
jeffrey? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
noah treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
sherri introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
patty brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
patty treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
brian claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
daniel claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
megan accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
met at a wedding where amy was the only other person who didn't know anyone
megan collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
rebecca once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
timothy convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
amy collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
michele brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
abigail brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
tracy? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
dylan treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
michele once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
jordan once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
angelica taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
sends me screenshots of their screen time like it's a cry for help
margaret treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
crashes parties they were actually invited to
donald collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
angela once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
paula taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
we once solved a problem on a napkin that became a whole thesis
ryan once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
stephanie brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
justin treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
taught how to adult by monica. still learning but at least I have a teacher
eric once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
met at a wedding where eric was the only other person who didn't know anyone
noah? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
tracy collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
tracy convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
james convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
connor collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
debra recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
met at a wedding where nathan was the only other person who didn't know anyone
derek once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
gabrielle? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
danny introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
met at a wedding where angie was the only other person who didn't know anyone
brittney brings homemade snacks to every group event. never announces it. just leaves them on the table
taught how to adult by daniel. still learning but at least I have a teacher
met at a wedding where noah was the only other person who didn't know anyone
their hugs have a reputation
nathan convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
gabrielle once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
monica? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
brittney once convinced a entire coffee shop we were food critics. got free pastries
jessica once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
brittney once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
michael taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
margaret claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
jamie brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
danny once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
taught how to adult by shannon. still learning but at least I have a teacher
daniel convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
amy introduced me to oat milk. life hasn't been the same since
became roommates with dylan for a summer in NYC. best friends for life
angie brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
brittney accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
angie? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
ryan taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
donald treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
lauren treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
fred recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
rebecca taught me how to code and how to leave a party early with grace. arguably more useful than my degree
met at a wedding where daniel was the only other person who didn't know anyone
patty convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
gina convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
our entire friendship is built on voice memos, misquoted movies, and mutual delusion. i wouldn’t change a thing
met at a wedding where tommy was the only other person who didn't know anyone
once brought a deck of cards to a funeral. somehow made it appropriate
danny once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
philip once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
joshua recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
margaret brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
ryan collects vintage postcards but has never sent one
convinced by brian that 5am was the best time to have philosophical discussions
jordan brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
quotes niche internet drama like scripture
brittney recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
elizabeth convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
cassandra? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
cassandra once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
interned together at Google. quit together at Google. now plotting revenge on Google
carla brings homemade cookies to every crisis. emotional support baker
matthew once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
steve once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
sherry recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
patty treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
brittney treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
steve once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
joshua once spent an hour explaining why pineapple on pizza is a human right
has a rating system for every restaurant bathroom in the city
ethan treats every meal like a food review that will be published in the Times
joshua? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
joshua claims to hate gossip but knows literally everything
tricia treats every meal like a wine tasting. including cereal
once convinced me that 2am was the perfect time to reorganize my entire life
cristian recites Pi to 50 digits but forgets birthdays. priorities
justin? don't know them well but trust deeply because everyone else does
lauren once convinced me we were cousins for three weeks
shannon convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
anthony once explained quantum physics using only food metaphors. I understood everything
carla convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
helped me move. stayed for dinner. stayed for a month
elizabeth taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
sarah taught me that networking is just making friends with a purpose
derek accidentally became my career counselor after one drunk conversation
rebecca convinced me that adulting is just googling things with confidence
whitney convinced me cryptocurrency was just Monopoly money for adults. still not wrong
